# matrix

This is just a repository for this matrix template, how I use this template in other codes this is the main root for new codes in linux.

THIS IS NOT MY CODE I JUST KEEP HERE AS CODEBASE, THE DEVELOPER IS LISTED BELLOW.


////////////////////////////////
// Matrix TCL Lite v1.13
// Copyright (c) 1997-2002 Techsoft Pvt. Ltd. (See License.Txt file.)
//
// Matrix.h: Matrix C++ template class include file
// Web: http://www.techsoftpl.com/matrix/
// Email: matrix@techsoftpl.com
//

//////////////////////////////
// Installation:
//
// Copy this "matrix.h" file into include directory of your compiler.
//

//////////////////////////////
// Note: This matrix template class defines majority of the matrix
// operations as overloaded operators or methods. It is assumed that
// users of this class is familiar with matrix algebra. We have not
// defined any specialization of this template here, so all the instances
// of matrix will be created implicitly by the compiler. The data types
// tested with this class are double, double, long double, complex<double>,
// complex<double> and complex<long double>. Note that this class is not
// optimized for performance.
//
// Since implementation of exception, namespace and template are still
// not standardized among the various (mainly old) compilers, you may
// encounter compilation error with some compilers. In that case remove
// any of the above three features by defining the following macros:
//
//  _NO_NAMESPACE:  Define this macro to remove namespace support.
//
//  _NO_EXCEPTION:  Define this macro to remove exception handling
//                  and use old style of error handling using function.
//
//  _NO_TEMPLATE:   If this macro is defined matrix class of double
//                  type will be generated by default. You can also
//                  generate a different type of matrix like double.
//
//  _SGI_BROKEN_STL: For SGI C++ v.7.2.1 compiler.
//
//  Since all the definitions are also included in this header file as
//  inline function, some compiler may give warning "inline function
//  can't be expanded". You may ignore/disable this warning using compiler
//  switches. All the operators/methods defined in this class have their
//  natural meaning except the followings:
//
//  Operator/Method                          Description
//  ---------------                          -----------
//   operator ()   :   This function operator can be used as a
//                     two-dimensional subscript operator to get/set
//                     individual matrix elements.
//
//   operator !    :   This operator has been used to calculate inversion
//                     of matrix.
//
//   operator ~    :   This operator has been used to return transpose of
//                     a matrix.
//
//   operator ^    :   It is used calculate power (by a scalar) of a matrix.
//                     When using this operator in a matrix equation, care
//                     must be taken by parenthesizing it because it has
//                     lower precedence than addition, subtraction,
//                     multiplication and division operators.
//
//   operator >>   :   It is used to read matrix from input stream as per
//                     standard C++ stream operators.
//
//   operator <<   :   It is used to write matrix to output stream as per
//                     standard C++ stream operators.
//
// Note that professional version of this package, Matrix TCL Pro 2.11
// is optimized for performance and supports many more matrix operations.
// It is available from our web site at <http://www.techsoftpl.com/matrix/>.
//
